hey I'm not from tasty PC TV and staying
me doing a review of the be quiet sort
Pro to sis's be quiet flagship CPU
cooler and it really is massive and I've
been using one for a while now I'm one
of my personal Rick's and I also gave
one away as part of the tasty PC advent
calendar so I thought it'd be a good
idea for me to do a video on one so
let's get started taking a really quick
look at the Box this is be quiet highest
and CPU cooler and it's got a cooling
capacity of up to 220 watt TDP and it's
been signed for overclocked systems
whilst maintaining a great performance
noise ratio looking at the back of the
box we've got a list of the specs and
I'll just overlay a picture so you can
see better and now's a good time to
pause if you want to get a chance to
read them in the box you get an
instruction guide the mounting brackets
and the backplate and the CPU cooler can
support pretty much any socket you want
it to be able to I know this cool it
doesn't come with the fan paste already
pre applied it does just come with a
small tube which does make it a lot
easier if you had already planned on
using your preferred phone place instead
looking at the cooler itself I have to
say I think this is the sexiest large
air CPU cooler I don't think that other
large air coolers like the thermal take
silver are and Noctua and HD 14 come
anywhere close I really love this cooler
stuff you look so the two attached fans
are be quiet silent wingspans and they
are really good fans the outside fan is
120 millimeters and the inside mount is
135 millimeters and when you get this
cooler both of the fans are already
attached and they both have braided pwm
cables so the fins on this cooler are
black nickel-plated and if we have a
look at the top of it you can see that
it has a brushed aluminium finish which
is really nice and you also get seven
six millimeter thick heat pipes which
have got black caps and we add to the
overall staff you look and then looking
at the bottom of the cooler and the
block is copper because of how big the
be quiet dark rock pros who is you do
have to account for its size before
considering purchasing this cooler for
the purpose of this demonstration I have
put it the wrong way around so the
tourists memory you can fit is around
the size of the g.skill ripjaws and the
Corsair Vengeance low-profile memory as
the fan actually comes down lower than
the
heatsink um but if you do want to be
able to fit to a memory you're not going
to be able to unless you fit the cooler
and weird and wonderful ways
now this cooler is actually very tall
it's a hundred and sixty six millimeters
tall and I have previously fit it in my
fractal design our free case and it did
actually literally touched the side
panel now one thing I did notice with
this cooler is if you fit it so that it
exhausts out of the case the be quite
logo is actually on its side which is
something that irritates me a little bit
finger cooler on an LGA 1155 motherboard
is easy enough all you do is put in four
screws through the backplate and then
the motherboard into the coolest
mounting plate however for in this
cooler on an LGA 2011 motherboard is a
complete nightmare you've got these four
bolts that you have to tight you and
with a spanner on this side of the
motherboard which in theory is very
simple but the fact that with this
cooler you do have to fit the memory
before you can fit it and the fact that
in some corners you do have heat sinks
to contend with it does become very
difficult to do and I did find it
literally impossible to fit in one of my
rigs so if you are planning on getting
this cooler for sandy bridge-e
motherboard I would take that into
consideration moving on to the
performance test I am very impressed
with this cooler I'm not gonna be doing
the sound comparison in this video but I
can tell you that the be quiet our prop
pro 2 is very quiet you can hear it at
full speed but it's not like many other
coolers which turns leaf blowers to help
give impressive results so I ran the be
quiet aqua pro 2 at full speed and then
at half speed at 4.6 gigahertz our one
point free 5 volts I then ran it at full
and half speed again but also passively
a stock clock and I did all these tests
on my I 5 3 5 7 EK
after prime95 been running for an hour I
sit the full court and it's found the
average temp from that - the ambient
room temperature to find that final
doubt - CPU temp then looking at the
graph of the results that I got you can
see there even when the cord is running
at half speed you still got great temps
while overclocking but what does really
surprised me with this cooler is its
passive cooling capability I miss temp
came very close to be in the inter stock
cooler when it was running at full speed
arm but looking at the second graph you
can see that the h108 does beat the dark
pro pro - what
doesn't surprise me oh but the be quiet
aqua pro 2 is quiet and cheaper
although the H 100 is easier to fit I am
planning on adding more callers to this
graph over time so that I can bring you
better comparisons moving on to the
conclusion I really love the be quiet
Sark propriety - I do think it's the
sexiest large air CPU cooler on the
market and it is incredibly quiet and
the fact that it can quite happily
passively cool a CPU at stock means that
if you wanted to you could lower the RPM
at the fans and still get good sounds
even when overclocking and I do really
like these fans they do move a decent
amount of airflow while still being
really quiet so I do think you'd be
silly to consider replacing them but I
do think this cooler has one negative
point and that is the fitting process I
don't find it literally impossible to
fit in one of my rigs and you do need to
be careful if you are considering buying
this cooler from an LGA 2011 board
however with an LGA 1155 Month board
it's still a little bit fiddly but you
shouldn't really have any problems there
so giving the bit quite soccerpro to an
award it is going to get the Silver
Award all 4 out of 5 stars depending on
which reward system you use because as
you may or may not know I'm currently
having my water system redone but that
was my review of the be quite Zach prop
pro 2 if you liked the video hit the
like button don't forget to subscribe
and thanks watching
you